README.md, before:

# Bank tech test

This is the first tech test for week 10 at Makers Academy.

This code will simulate a bank account, where you'll be able to deposit/withdraw money, check your balance and print out a bank statement.

### Requirements

- You should be able to interact with your code via a REPL like IRB or the JavaScript console. (You don't need to implement a command line interface that takes input from STDIN.)
- Deposits, withdrawal.
- Account statement (date, amount, balance) printing.
- Data can be kept in memory (it doesn't need to be stored to a database or anything).

### Acceptance criteria

**Given** a client makes a deposit of 1000 on 10-01-2023  
**And** a deposit of 2000 on 13-01-2023  
**And** a withdrawal of 500 on 14-01-2023  
**When** she prints her bank statement  
**Then** she would see

```
date || credit || debit || balance
14/01/2023 || || 500.00 || 2500.00
13/01/2023 || 2000.00 || || 3000.00
10/01/2023 || 1000.00 || || 1000.00
```

### User stories

```
As a customer
so that I can avoid carry cash around
I would like to be able to open a bank account
```

Commit message:

added withdraw and showBalance methods

README.md, after:

# Bank tech test

This is the first tech test for week 10 at Makers Academy.

This code will simulate a bank account, where you'll be able to deposit/withdraw money, check your balance and print out a bank statement.

## Requirements

- You should be able to interact with your code via a REPL like IRB or the JavaScript console. (You don't need to implement a command line interface that takes input from STDIN.)
- Deposits, withdrawal.
- Account statement (date, amount, balance) printing.
- Data can be kept in memory (it doesn't need to be stored to a database or anything).

## Acceptance criteria

**Given** a client makes a deposit of 1000 on 10-01-2023  
**And** a deposit of 2000 on 13-01-2023  
**And** a withdrawal of 500 on 14-01-2023  
**When** she prints her bank statement  
**Then** she would see

```
date || credit || debit || balance
14/01/2023 || || 500.00 || 2500.00
13/01/2023 || 2000.00 || || 3000.00
10/01/2023 || 1000.00 || || 1000.00
```

## User stories

```
As a customer
so that I can avoid carrying cash around
I would like to be able to open a bank account
```

```
As a customer
so that I can store away cash that I'm not using
I would like to be able to deposit money on my account
```

```
As a customer
so that I can get some cash when I need it
I would like to be able to withdraw money from my account
```
